XS✔ ◾ Updating recommended option (#9772)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/end-user-documentation/rule.md

  - do-you-produce-the-best-end-user-documentation
---

## Developer Documentation

> Developer documentation is stored close to the code. Examples are GitHub wiki and Azure DevOps wiki. Whatabout end user documentation?

Author: ```suggestion
Developer documentation is stored close to the code. Examples are GitHub wiki and Azure DevOps wiki. What about end user documentation?
```
